README.md, before:

#tinytic
##Description
Tiny and easy to use module for getting time differences, especially useful for animation.
##API
`toc`: returns the time difference in milliseconds since toc was last called. Takes an optional argument which specifies the maximum time difference that will be returned. This is a good idea when using requestAnimationFrame because the browser may stop requesting frames (e.g. if the user has switched tabs) and produce an excessive time difference.

`total`: returns the total time elapsed either since tinytic was first loaded or since `reset` was last called.

`reset`: sets tinytic to its initialised state resetting all timers.
##Example
```javascript
var tinytic = require('tinytic');

//optionally set maximum time difference in milliseconds
var maxDT = 500;

function render (dT, totalTimeElapsed) {
  // ...
}

function loop() {
  requestAnimationFrame(loop);
  var dT = tinytic.toc(maxDT);
  //if no maximum time difference is required then use as below:
  //var dT = tinytic.toc();

  //if total time elapsed is required use as below:
  var totalTimeElapsed = tinytic.total();
  render(dT, totalTimeElapsed);
}

loop();
```

Commit message:

if not using browserify tinytic is now attached to the window

README.md, after:

#tinytic
##Description
Tiny and easy to use module for getting time differences, especially useful for animation.

Either install via npm or include minified file in your project to attach tinytic to the window.
##API
`toc`: returns the time difference in milliseconds since toc was last called. Takes an optional argument which specifies the maximum time difference that will be returned. This is a good idea when using requestAnimationFrame because the browser may stop requesting frames (e.g. if the user has switched tabs) and produce an excessive time difference.

`total`: returns the total time elapsed either since tinytic was first loaded or since `reset` was last called.

`reset`: sets tinytic to its initialised state resetting all timers.
##Example
```javascript
var tinytic = require('tinytic');

//optionally set maximum time difference in milliseconds
var maxDT = 500;

function render (dT, totalTimeElapsed) {
  // ...
}

function loop() {
  requestAnimationFrame(loop);
  var dT = tinytic.toc(maxDT);
  //if no maximum time difference is required then use as below:
  //var dT = tinytic.toc();

  //if total time elapsed is required use as below:
  var totalTimeElapsed = tinytic.total();
  render(dT, totalTimeElapsed);
}

loop();
```
